New Quickstart for golem-js@3 (#278)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/pages/docs/creators/javascript/task-executor/task-model.md

To get things done (the Job) in the Network, you need to define it, split it into task(s), and send it to the network using the Yagna service. This is done using a **requestor script** (or simply **Golem app**) that will utilize Golem JS SDK. You also need to define the software environment in which you will run your tasks on a provider. This is done by specifying a software package in the form of a Docker-like **image**.

Let's get familiar with other terms that will help you navigate through Golem docs and find relevant information more easily.

A most simple operation, like running a command or sending a file, is called a **command**. We **compose** tasks from commands. Tasks are **executed** on **providers** a.k.a. **remote computers**.

So, to run your app on Golem Network, you need:

- A Yagna service that will let you connect to the Golem Network.
- A Docker-like [Image](/docs/creators/javascript/guides/golem-images), that constitutes an environment in which you will run your commands.

> - A [requestor script](/docs/creators/javascript/tutorials/quickstart-explained), in which you will define tasks and execute them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [requestor script](/docs/creators/javascript/task-executor/te-node-quickstart-explained), in which you will define tasks and execute them.
```
